Update version to 0.38 in versions.yaml (#7924)
radius-project/radius: docs/release-notes/v0.38.0.md

# Announcing Radius v0.38.0

Today we're happy to announce the release of Radius v0.38.0. Check out the [highlights](#highlights) below, along with the [full changelog](#full-changelog) for more details.

We would like to extend our thanks to all the [new](#new-contributors) and existing contributors who helped make this release possible!

## Intro to Radius

If you're new to Radius, check out our website, [radapp.io](https://radapp.io), for more information. Also visit our [getting started guide](https://docs.radapp.io/getting-started/) to learn how to install Radius and create your first app.

## Highlights

> 

Reviewer: Note that the documentation for "Secret store reference in Dapr components" is still [pending](https://github.com/radius-project/radius/pull/7823#issuecomment-2344366146), but the overall link here to the Dapr schema should remain the same.

```suggestion

### Secret stores in environment variables
Secret stores can now be referenced in the environment variables of a container resource. Previously, the only way to provide secrets to a container resource in Radius is to mount them through a secret volume, so the experience is now much simpler for users who only require the secrets to be passed into the container via environment variables. See the updated [container resource format](https://docs.radapp.io/reference/resource-schema/core-schema/container-schema/) for more information. Many thanks to community contributor @superbeeny for adding this functionality!

### Secret store reference in Dapr components
Support has been added for building Dapr components with an optional reference to a Dapr secret store. This means that users may now reference non-Kubernetes secrets within the Dapr resources, closing a feature gap between Radius and the Dapr `spec.metadata` specification. See the [Radius resource schema](https://docs.radapp.io/reference/resource-schema/dapr-schema/) and [Dapr component secrets reference guide](https://docs.dapr.io/operations/components/component-secrets/) for more information. Many thanks to community contributor @SoTrx for adding this functionality!

### Bicep private registry support 
Support is now available for authentication into private registries for Bicep Recipes using basic auth, Azure workload identity, and AWS IRSA. See the how-to guide on [private Bicep registries](https://edge.docs.radapp.io/guides/recipes/howto-private-bicep-registry/) to learn more.
```

Reviewer 2: There is a how to guide contribution from @SoTrx on [how to reference Dapr secret stores](https://github.com/radius-project/docs/pull/1234) which needs to be reviewed. Once reviewed and merged, we can attach the link here

Reviewer 2: Edge docs are referenced under Bicep private registry. Needs to be updated  to https://docs.radapp.io/guides/recipes/howto-private-bicep-registry/

Reviewer: Thanks @Reshrahim, updated both.

We would like to extend our thanks to all the [new](#new-contributors) and existing contributors who helped make this release possible!

## Intro to Radius

If you're new to Radius, check out our website, [radapp.io](https://radapp.io), for more information. Also visit our [getting started guide](https://docs.radapp.io/getting-started/) to learn how to install Radius and create your first app.

## Highlights

### Secret stores in environment variables

Secret stores can now be referenced in the environment variables of a container resource. Previously, the only way to provide secrets to a container resource in Radius is to mount them through a secret volume, so the experience is now much simpler for users who only require the secrets to be passed into the container via environment variables. See the updated [container resource format](https://docs.radapp.io/reference/resource-schema/core-schema/container-schema/) for more information. Many thanks to community contributor @superbeeny for adding this functionality!

### Secret store reference in Dapr components

> Support has been added for building Dapr components with an optional reference to a Dapr secret store. This means that users may now reference non-Kubernetes secrets within the Dapr resources, closing a feature gap between Radius and the Dapr `spec.metadata` specification. See the [How-To: Reference secrets in Dapr components](https://docs.radapp.io/guides/author-apps/dapr/how-to-dapr-secrets) guide for more information. Many thanks to community contributor @SoTrx for adding this functionality!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Support has been added to manage secrets in the Dapr components. This means that users may now reference non-Kubernetes secrets within the Dapr resources, closing a feature gap between Radius and the Dapr. See the [How-To: Reference secrets in Dapr components](https://docs.radapp.io/guides/author-apps/dapr/how-to-dapr-secrets) guide for more information. Many thanks to community contributor @SoTrx for adding this functionality!
```

Reviewer 2: @willtsai - Rephrased a bit and removed `spec.metadata` to make it clear. Let me know if the edit makes sense.

### Bicep private registry support

> Support is now available for authentication into private registries for Bicep Recipes using basic auth, Azure workload identity, and AWS IRSA. See the how-to guide on [private Bicep registries](https://docs.radapp.io/guides/recipes/howto-private-bicep-registry/) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Support is now available for authentication into private registries for Bicep Recipes using basic auth(username/password), Azure workload identity, and AWS IRSA. See the how-to guide on [private Bicep registries](https://docs.radapp.io/guides/recipes/howto-private-bicep-registry/) to learn more.
```
